Release automation. (#917)
flutter/genui: docs/contributing/README.md

1. Documentation in the repository (all .md files) should be clear, consistent, concise and up-to-date.
2. Documentation should not contain details that are easy to infer from the code.
3. If code does not match the documentation, there should be TODO comments in the code to signal the discrepancy should be resolved.
4. For documentation use [sentence case for headings](https://developers.google.com/style/capitalization#capitalization-in-titles-and-headings).

## Shell scripts

> To run a script in `tool/`, open the script in VSCode and press ⇧⌘B.

Reviewer: Also add instructions for where to run the script from on the command line: not everyone uses VSCode, and that key binding is Mac-only, so you might include the default Linux keybinding too (which is likely to be the same as Windows).  They also might have changed the keybinding...

## pubspec.lock files

`pubspec.lock` files are not git ignored to make the bots faster.

If you include `pubspec.lock` file to your PR, make sure to run `flutter pub upgrade`,

> when your Flutter is latest at beta channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when your Flutter is using the latest version of the beta channel (run `flutter channel beta && flutter upgrade` to make sure you're on the right one).
```

Because this is using the beta channel, we will occasionally be breaking the people developing using the stable channel.  (Whenever the beta channel is depending on some API that will break the stable channel) It won't be often, but it can happen.

We do have CI to prevent the packages themselves from breaking things this way, but a developer using stable might be broken.

Maybe we should also have a CI test that makes sure that any `pubspec.lock` changes match the beta channel? Shouldn't be too hard to enforce.

1. Documentation in the repository (all .md files) should be clear, consistent, concise and up-to-date.
2. Documentation should not contain details that are easy to infer from the code.
3. If code does not match the documentation, there should be TODO comments in the code to signal the discrepancy should be resolved.
4. For documentation use [sentence case for headings](https://developers.google.com/style/capitalization#capitalization-in-titles-and-headings).

## Shell scripts

To run a script in `tool/`:

- If you are on mac and use VS Code, open the script and press `⇧⌘B` (see [.vscode/tasks.json](../../.vscode/tasks.json)).

> - Otherwise, run `sh <path/to/script.sh>` from any directory.

Reviewer: This will work, but aren't they all set executable already, so you just need `<path/to/script.sh>`?  You could just say "Otherwise, you can invoke the scripts on the command line from any directory." since all I was trying to indicate was the sense that you don't *have* to invoke them from VSCode, and I assume most developers know how to run a shell script.
